docs/components/SquarePaymentForm.md, before:

---
id:SquarePaymentForm
title:SquarePaymentForm
---
Creates a Square Payment Form and renders form inputs to use inside of it.

This component requires 3 arguments for basic use:
* **applicationId**: This can be found in your [Square Developer Dashboard](https://developer.squareup.com/apps)
for the current Square app you're developing
* **locationId**: You can retrieve this from the [Square Connect v2 Locations API](https://docs.connect.squareup.com/api/connect/v2#navsection-locations);
or your [Square Developer Dashboard](https://developer.squareup.com/apps).
It determines which Square location will receive credit for payments made with this form.
* **cardNonceResponseReceived**: This callback gives you a nonce to pass to your back-end server to make a "charge" request to Square.
* **createVerificationDetails**: This callback returns data used for [Strong Customer Authentication](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/sca-overview)

...and one additional argument for digital wallets:
* **createPaymentRequest**: This callback returns data to show information about the payment in the Apple Pay, Google Pay, and Masterpass interfaces.

Please view the [Payment Form Data Models](https://docs.connect.squareup.com/api/paymentform) for additional information.

## Props
|Name|Type|Description|Default Value|
|---|---|---|---|
|apiWrapper|string|Internal variable: used for logs||
|applicationId|string|<b>Required for all features</b><br/><br/>Identifies the calling form with a verified application ID generated from the Square Application Dashboard||
|cardNonceResponseReceived|(errors: [SqError], nonce: string, cardData: SqCardData, buyerVerificationToken: , billingContact: SqContact, shippingContact: SqContact, shippingOption: SqShippingOption) => void|<b>Required for all features</b><br/><br/>Invoked when payment form receives the result of a nonce generation request. The result will be a valid credit card or wallet nonce, or an error.||
|children|React.ReactNode|Square payment form components||
|createPaymentRequest|() => SqPaymentRequest|<b>Required for digital wallets</b><br/><br/>Invoked when a digital wallet payment button is clicked.||
|createVerificationDetails|() => SqVerificationDetails|<b>Required for SCA</b><br/><br/>||
|formId|string|<b>Required for all features</b><br/><br/>Identifies the DOM form element||
|inputEventReceived|() => void|Invoked when visitors interact with the iframe elements||
|inputStyles|array|Define the internal styles applied to the rendered iframes||
|locationId|string|<b>Required for all features</b><br/><br/>Identifies the location of the merchant that is taking the payment. Obtained from the Square Application Dashboard - Locations tab.||
|methodsSupported|(methods: SqMethods) => void|||
|paymentFormLoaded|() => void|Invoked when payment form is fully loaded||
|sandbox|boolean|Enables Sandbox mode||
|shippingContactChanged|(shippingContact: SqContact, done: ({}: {}) => {}) => void|Invoked when requestShippingAddress is true in PaymentRequest and the buyer selects a shipping address in the Apple Pay sheet or enters a new shipping address.||
|shippingOptionChanged|(shippingOption: SqShippingOption, done: ({}: {}) => {}) => void|Invoked when the buyer selects a shipping option in the Apple Pay sheet.||
|unsupportedBrowserDetected|() => void|Invoked when the payment form is hosted in an unsupported browser||

Commit message:

Add option to change the placeholder text

docs/components/SquarePaymentForm.md, after:

---
id:SquarePaymentForm
title:SquarePaymentForm
---
Creates a Square Payment Form and renders form inputs to use inside of it.

This component requires 3 arguments for basic use:
* **applicationId**: This can be found in your [Square Developer Dashboard](https://developer.squareup.com/apps)
for the current Square app you're developing
* **locationId**: You can retrieve this from the [Square Connect v2 Locations API](https://docs.connect.squareup.com/api/connect/v2#navsection-locations);
or your [Square Developer Dashboard](https://developer.squareup.com/apps).
It determines which Square location will receive credit for payments made with this form.
* **cardNonceResponseReceived**: This callback gives you a nonce to pass to your back-end server to make a "charge" request to Square.
* **createVerificationDetails**: This callback returns data used for [Strong Customer Authentication](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/sca-overview)

...and one additional argument for digital wallets:
* **createPaymentRequest**: This callback returns data to show information about the payment in the Apple Pay, Google Pay, and Masterpass interfaces.

Please view the [Payment Form Data Models](https://docs.connect.squareup.com/api/paymentform) for additional information.

## Props
|Name|Type|Description|Default Value|
|---|---|---|---|
|apiWrapper|string|Internal variable: used for logs||
|applicationId|string|<b>Required for all features</b><br/><br/>Identifies the calling form with a verified application ID generated from the Square Application Dashboard||
|cardNonceResponseReceived|(errors: [SqError], nonce: string, cardData: SqCardData, buyerVerificationToken: , billingContact: SqContact, shippingContact: SqContact, shippingOption: SqShippingOption) => void|<b>Required for all features</b><br/><br/>Invoked when payment form receives the result of a nonce generation request. The result will be a valid credit card or wallet nonce, or an error.||
|children|React.ReactNode|Square payment form components||
|createPaymentRequest|() => SqPaymentRequest|<b>Required for digital wallets</b><br/><br/>Invoked when a digital wallet payment button is clicked.||
|createVerificationDetails|() => SqVerificationDetails|<b>Required for SCA</b><br/><br/>||
|formId|string|<b>Required for all features</b><br/><br/>Identifies the DOM form element||
|inputEventReceived|() => void|Invoked when visitors interact with the iframe elements||
|inputStyles|array|Define the internal styles applied to the rendered iframes||
|locationId|string|<b>Required for all features</b><br/><br/>Identifies the location of the merchant that is taking the payment. Obtained from the Square Application Dashboard - Locations tab.||
|methodsSupported|(methods: SqMethods) => void|||
|paymentFormLoaded|() => void|Invoked when payment form is fully loaded||
|placeholderCVV|string|Change the placeholder for the CVV input||
|placeholderCreditCard|string|Change the placeholder for the credit card input||
|placeholderExpiration|string|Change the placeholder for the expiration date input||
|placeholderPostal|string|Change the placeholder for the postal code input||
|sandbox|boolean|Enables Sandbox mode||
|shippingContactChanged|(shippingContact: SqContact, done: ({}: {}) => {}) => void|Invoked when requestShippingAddress is true in PaymentRequest and the buyer selects a shipping address in the Apple Pay sheet or enters a new shipping address.||
|shippingOptionChanged|(shippingOption: SqShippingOption, done: ({}: {}) => {}) => void|Invoked when the buyer selects a shipping option in the Apple Pay sheet.||
|unsupportedBrowserDetected|() => void|Invoked when the payment form is hosted in an unsupported browser||
