README.md, before:

# react-square-payment-form

The React Square Payment Form lets you take payments securely and easily
in your React app using a familiar, component-based syntax.

*Note: this SDK is in beta. We'll be improving it as we work towards GA - please
leave feedback for our team!*

## Compatability

React 16.3.0 or above

## Installation

See the [documentation](https://square.github.io/react-square-payment-form) to get started.

## Demo

1. Run the demo locally
    ```
    cd demo
    npm install
    npm start
    ```
1. Update the `LOCATION_ID` and `APPLICATION_ID` in `PaymentPage.jsx` with your own application credentials

*Note: The demo only supports credit card payments. Digital wallets are not supported locally.*

## Documentation

### Running the doc website locally

```
cd website
npm install
npm start
```

### Updating the docs

Files under `docs/components` are automatically generated from the component comments. All other documentation files can be modified directly.

To update the component documentation, run `./generateComponentDocs.sh`

### Publishing the website

Once the changes are merged, run the following command to publish the website.

```
cd website
GIT_USER=<GIT_USER> CURRENT_BRANCH=master USE_SSH=true npm run publish-gh-pages
```

## Publishing a new version

The following script will update the package version, release the new version, and publish the documentation.

`npm run update [major|minor|patch]`

## License

```
Copyright 2019 Square, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```

Commit message:

Adding deprecation information to the README
The Square Payment Form is now deprecated in favor of the [Web Payments SDK](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/web-payments/overview). This means this repo will not receive any new features moving forward aside from critical bug fixes.

README.md, after:

# DEPRECATED - react-square-payment-form

**⛔️ The "Square Payment Form" is deprecated, and will no longer be supported aside from critical bug fixes. Please use the [Web Payments SDK](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/web-payments/overview) to take payments on a web client.**

The React Square Payment Form lets you take payments securely and easily
in your React app using a familiar, component-based syntax.

## Compatability

React 16.3.0 or above

## Installation

See the [documentation](https://square.github.io/react-square-payment-form) to get started.

## Demo

1. Run the demo locally
    ```
    cd demo
    npm install
    npm start
    ```
1. Update the `LOCATION_ID` and `APPLICATION_ID` in `PaymentPage.jsx` with your own application credentials

*Note: The demo only supports credit card payments. Digital wallets are not supported locally.*

## Documentation

### Running the doc website locally

```
cd website
npm install
npm start
```

### Updating the docs

Files under `docs/components` are automatically generated from the component comments. All other documentation files can be modified directly.

To update the component documentation, run `./generateComponentDocs.sh`

### Publishing the website

Once the changes are merged, run the following command to publish the website.

```
cd website
GIT_USER=<GIT_USER> CURRENT_BRANCH=master USE_SSH=true npm run publish-gh-pages
```

## Publishing a new version

The following script will update the package version, release the new version, and publish the documentation.

`npm run update [major|minor|patch]`

## License

```
Copyright 2019 Square, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```
